docs: Adds information about 1.6 features to documentation (#1086)
webrecorder/browsertrix: docs/user-guide/browser-profiles.md

# Browser Profiles

> Browser Profiles are saved instances of a web browsing session that can be re-used to crawl websites as they were configued, with any cookies or saved login sessions. They are specifically useful for crawling websites as a logged in user or accepting cookie consent popups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Browser Profiles are saved instances of a web browsing session that can be reused to crawl websites as they were configued, with any cookies or saved login sessions. They are specifically useful for crawling websites as a logged in user or accepting cookie consent popups.
```

> !!! warning "Make specific accounts for crawling sites with browser profiles!"

Reviewer: IMO this warning deserves its own section, like "Before Getting Started" or "Keeping your Accounts Safe"?

Author: Personally I like the attention the yellow warning callout provides?  I also like that the warning text is an instruction. I feel like a dedicated section might be easier to skip over as people want to get to the content they came there for?

Additional nitpick: Technically the _credentials_ aren't stored, but the _session token_ is.  The docs shouldn't be objectively _wrong_ but also I don't think most average folks understand what a session token _is_.  What could this say instead??? 🤔 

Also (semi-related) this should be included in the in-app text as well as part of #384.

Reviewer 2: I think separate section makes sense, as there's more to say on this, so added a 'Best practice: Create web archiving-specific accounts'

Reviewer 2: Made it into a collapsible info block to address all the points: still at the top so easy to see, and provides details if user expands. Talks about PII a bit as well while mentioning actual passwords aren't archived.

    Websites may restrict your account if they deem crawling-related activity to be suspicious. Additionally, because of the nature of storing browser sessions, your login credentials _are stored by the server_.

    Do not log into webpages in a browser profile with accounts you care about!

## Creating New Browser Profiles

> New browser profiles can be created on the Browser Profiles page by pressing the _New Browser Profile_ button and providing a starting URL. Once in the profile creator, log-in to any websites that should behave as logged in while crawling and accept any pop-ups that require interaction from the user to proceed with using the website.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New browser profiles can be created on the Browser Profiles page by pressing the _New Browser Profile_ button and providing a starting URL. Once in the profile creator, log in to any websites that should behave as logged in while crawling and accept any pop-ups that require interaction from the user to proceed with using the website.
```
